hey whats up guys can feed here I
welcome to his team the season rocketed
review now guys foolish restarts as you
can probably tell i have moved him from
my Center made to a camp so that is
where we're reviewing him and that is
where I advise you guys play him you'll
see but you'll see why very soon guys
honestly the only negatives I could
actually found with this guy was the
fact that he hasn't got a four-star four
or five star weak foot and add the fact
that is not high medium that was pretty
much it a really really fun player to
use and you'll see why very soon despite
only picking up for girls and five
assistants at six games that should be
one guy rage quit in the first five
minutes without me even getting any
clips yeah that's so anyway I look at
some in game stats and as you can see
look at that this nearly most of the
ingame stats a dark green that shows
this guy's got some pretty incident in
game stats and you can see that I can't
read them out because to so many stats
that stand out I mean the don't even
stand out there that good everything
just like goes together in the dark
green so yes and very very high stats
one thing I do after says 75 Pierce is
an absolute lie the reason I didn't have
as many long shots as I normally would
with this camp is because he was so
quick I just wanted to keep running with
him and you can see that he's got the
strength as well told plays off and
obviously it's got the passing I don't I
don't really need to talk about the
passing for this guy he's crossing his
fruit balls is passing I'm just gonna
say now they're awesome they're very
accurate is set pcs know companies
corners were amazing by the way but set
pieces in general just passing in
general was awesome from this card he's
man's me mod rich but with a better shot
that is how I'm gonna say this guy is
like team sees modular dancing that
review daddy's on the channel pull with
a better shot and this guy I actually
felt it was faster than moderate with
team season module two atps this guy's
75 paise you wouldn't believe it in this
game this guy feels about 85 pays very
very quick on the ball and just
absolutely destroys as some defenders I
did come up against some very quick
defense as well so I was quite surprised
at how quick this guy actually broke
through gaps shooting-wise I've got no
issues with him he just didn't score as
many girls as I would've liked into
because I kept going on Ed ruins I got
carried away with running in with him I
really really did probably could have
picked up a few my Longstaff than
actually did if I did attempted as i
said i did just want to run with him
because he was so freaking quick passing
lies i've said no complaints
shooting-wise there's not really too
many complex you guys it's a good
awful accurate shot really good finesse
as well when you use that and really
really good finish at finishing strength
he's really really strong to be honest
others say is very quick as well so you
can just pretty much just room for
defenses which is absolutely awesome
others say guys do recommend to play
this guy camp I'm going to give him an 8
out of 10 155 kids a good price for him
to be honest and I do advise picking him
up i really really do don't anything
that brings him down to notice it's free
stuff restart and this way Chris in my
opinion but over on that a very very
good player and there yeah he is a
health or better and it's at first and
second in forms so i once again highly
advise trying this guy out and i hope
you guys do if you do reg count below
how he is for you you can live like a
bit of that be absolutely also comment
will be likely she likes probably do
some team to week plays next have a good
day guys adios